# AI Code

## Scott - V0.dev and Google Gemini

I'm exploring using V0 for page design. This is something that I have never cared much for so learning about this AI service really piqued my interest. I'm looking to replace the button options I have previously implemented and following the guidance of the feedback from the MVP correct our UI.  
I then take the code from V0 and feed it into google gemini to change it from react into react-native.
I'm finding that this is no one stop shop but it can facilitate efficiency if utilized correctly. I find this is the case with all AI in software.
I think I will be using this in any case possible moving forward.
I will be implementing various elements on my own that will be integrated into the output of the two AI's.

## Ethan - Amazon Codewhisperer, Github Copilot and Google Gemini

I use Codewhisperer and Copilot for code suggestions and documentation generation.
Recently, I signed up for a free trial for Gemini Advanced and have been experimenting with code generation.
It seems to do a pretty good job, but it's definitely not perfect.

## Thomas - ChatGPT

I'm very used to just straight up asking ChatGPT for coding help, so that's what I've also been doing for this project. For example, when I was trying to figure out how to get scroll functionality done, as well as how to integrate specific objects into said scroll, ChatGPT helped a lot there. IE, I asked ChatGPT how to use FlatList with an already existing component that we cooked up. Also, I've just been using ChatGPT in general to understand what other people are doing, as well as for learning more and more features of javascript and/or react. Me and another team member were also using ChatGPT to figure out a cost-effective way of processing user-submitted images in our app.

## Daniel - ChatGPT

I documented using chatGPT in my experiment for the past week. I used chatGPT to help me with writing code for the GET request for the ucsb dining api endpoints. It worked great for me as I was able to match the situation my code was in. It did take me about an hour to still tailor my prompts in getting the code, generated by ChatGPT, to work. I still had to learn a lot trying to understand what the non-working code did to help ChatGPT fix its own generated code.

## Arnav - ChatGPT

During my MVP feature development, I actually already made an attempt at using Jest and generating code for a unit test of my frontend feature using ChatGPT. Although I had issues getting my IDE and React to recognize Jest when I included it in my imports, thus not allowing me to run my AI-generated unit test, a quick review of the code shows that it would most likely work first try if only slightly modified to include the correct variables/data structures needed. Thus, I would say that using language-based AI for mature boilerplate unit tests that mock and test the frontend show much promise, and I would attribute this to the fact that React and Jest are both extremely popular in the global development community. Otherwise, it usually takes some more modification to the code that ChatGPT generates in order to get it working for a specific implementation.

## James - Microsoft Copilot

Given Microsoft Co-Pilot basically gives GPT-4 for free, I am using it to learn more about react native, which I did not have prior exposure to React Native development. I have been pasting in code snippets and have the AI explain what the code does to me,it has relaly taught me quite a lot. I have not year started using it for writing code / development, only for learning. However, if I were to implement AI code in my programs, I would make sure to include unit test for those segments of code as well to maek sure that it's reliable.
